what to the sustainability report has
won the first prize in the corporate
responsibility reporting to an a-10
competition in which corporations
responsibility reporting in 2009 was
assessed the sustainability reporting
competition is organized by the
Federation of Finnish industries ek
finished businesses and society ry
finished Institute of authorised Public
Accounts Ministry of Employment and the
economy the association of environmental
management and the Ministry of the
Environment the preliminary assessment
was carried out by four large auditing
firms representing the Finnish institute
of authorised Public Accountants
including guilty and touché Ernst &
Young KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers
the combination was organized for the
15th time in its assessment the
competition committee emphasizes the
reporting of the risks and opportunities
as well as safety issues relating to the
sustainability developed by wats allah
for the more the committee appreciated
the use of examples in the reporting of
interest group cooperation and in
reporting issues relating to the climate
change moving on at a ceremony in
beijing attended by licensees company
officials business partners and local
dignitaries man diesel & turbo
celebrated three decades of success in
one of his most important markets closed
almond company's CEO held a speech
summing up man diesel and turbos
eventful history in China in the 30
years that I elapsed since the company
signed its first license agreement there
man diesel and turbos license history in
China sergeant July 1980 when after long
negotiations then B&W diesel and China
cooperation of shipbuilding industry
with hodong as appointed engine works
finally signed a license agreement over
the following years Dolly on and then
yichang joined the fold 1980 also saw a
separate license agreement made it
Shanghai ship here for gensets with Jang
and appointed engine works XXV hnd and
sqe subsequently signed license
agreements for CS I see moving on PT
boats UK's fourth-largest sport has been
recognized for a successful put centric
logistics business strategy by winning
the supply chain partnership award at
the annual ifw award
the other finalists were City sprint our
port da PUK GKN freight services and in
our global logistics and NYK logistics
the company recognizes the companies
which best brings the customers
competitive advantage specifically in
the areas of reduction costs improved
reliability and flexibility as described
by the judges this was a hotly contested
category but PT boats has shown out
amongst the competition was highly
commended for designing and implementing
a su Li successful report centric put
further acknowledgement was given for
the creation of new jobs investment and
prosperity to the Northeast region on
the back of PD ports efforts the judges
summed up the thoughts by stating at PT
boats actually brought in the poet's
industry into the 21st century that's
all the news making waves as of now
thank you for watching